docs: update optional chaining behavior (#69431)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/templates/expression-syntax.md

| Optional chaining\*             | `someObj.someProp?.nestedProp` |
| Non-null assertion (TypeScript) | `someObj!.someProp`            |

### Safe navigation migration

Prior to Angular 22, the optional chaining operator (`?.`) returned `null` when the left-hand side is `null` or `undefined`, whereas standard JavaScript's `?.` returns `undefined`.

> Since Angular 22, the optional chaining operator behavior in angular expressions is alligned with the standard Javascript's behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Angular 22, the optional chaining operator behavior in angular expressions is alligned with the standard Javascript's behavior.

```

During the migration to v22, the `ng update` schematics added a `$safeNavigationMigration` magic function to existing expressions to preserve the previous `null`-returning behavior.

```html
{{ $safeNavigationMigration(foo?.bar) }}
```

`$safeNavigationMigration` is a **temporary migration aid only**. It instructs the compiler to compile the wrapped safe-navigation expression using the legacy null-returning semantics rather than the standard JavaScript `?.` semantics. It is not a real function and cannot be called from TypeScript.

> NOTE: Prefer migrating expressions to no longer rely on `null` vs `undefined` distinctions so that `$safeNavigationMigration` can be removed. This function may be removed in a future version of Angular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When possible, we recommend migrating expressions to no longer rely on `null` vs `undefined` distinctions so that `$safeNavigationMigration` can be removed. This function may be removed in a future version of Angular.
```
